README.md, before:

# Hello, This is a Python For everyone from GOoGLE,
# My Name is Hammad, I am self-taught learner who's looking for a place in the tech industry.
# Specially Cloud (Sysadmin - DevOps).

# This Course from GOOGLE is to develop my skills in that great coding programming language *Python*.
 - Working in IT is more than Just a Job! It's a career Path.

# Journey Content:-
   - ## Crash Course In python - Learn to write a simple programme.
   - ## How Python interacts with Operating System.
   - ## Using Git and GitHub to Manage your code in VCS.
   - ## Focusing on troubleshooting and debugging  techniques of the root cause of a problem in IT infrastructure.
   - ## Automating at scale where you will learn to deploy configuration management on a fleet of either virtual machine  or physical.
   - ## Last we will bring all this knowledge together into a final project designed to solve a tasks that you might encounter in real-world IT settings.
 

# Hey, Here is my Social Links if you need to connect or what ever you need then.
  - Facebook   >>> https://twitter.com/dev_hammad_ops
  - X, Twitter >>> https://twitter.com/dev_hammad_ops
  - Instagram  >>> https://twitter.com/dev_hammad_ops
  - Linked In  >>> https://www.linkedin.com/in/hammad-ibrahim-0b33bb223/
  - GitHub     >>> https://github.com/hammad-ibrahim

Commit message:

Adding the project to # Jira Dashboard * details in -Readme- file i that branch*

README.md, after:

# Hello, This is a Python For everyone from GOoGLE,
# My Name is Hammad, I am self-taught learner who's looking for a place in the tech industry.
# Specially Cloud (Sysadmin - DevOps).

# This Course from GOOGLE is to develop my skills in that great coding programming language *Python*.
 - Working in IT is more than Just a Job! It's a career Path.

# Journey Content:-
   - ## Crash Course In python - Learn to write a simple programme.
   - ## How Python interacts with Operating System.
   - ## Using Git and GitHub to Manage your code in VCS.
   - ## Focusing on troubleshooting and debugging  techniques of the root cause of a problem in IT infrastructure.
   - ## Automating at scale where you will learn to deploy configuration management on a fleet of either virtual machine  or physical.
   - ## Last we will bring all this knowledge together into a final project designed to solve a tasks that you might encounter in real-world IT settings.
 
# Hint >>>>>>>>
        - This project is prepared and managed through a Jira software project management 
        - The reaseon for That is practicing and doing a professional work on that great platform
    -for more info  or talk follow the leading link to the project Dashboard >>>
    - Jira Link >> https://elarabydevops.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DH/boards/2
# Jira Dash Board >> https://elarabydevops.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DH/boards/2


# Hey, Here is my Social Links if you need to connect or what ever you need then.
  - Facebook   >>> https://twitter.com/dev_hammad_ops
  - X, Twitter >>> https://twitter.com/dev_hammad_ops
  - Instagram  >>> https://twitter.com/dev_hammad_ops
  - Linked In  >>> https://www.linkedin.com/in/hammad-ibrahim-0b33bb223/
  - GitHub     >>> https://github.com/hammad-ibrahim
